April CQA work for MTA 8.1 Release Notes DITA fixes (#356)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/release-notes-topics/ref_known-issues-8-1-0.adoc

= Known issues

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the following newly identified and previously known issues in {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) version 8.1.0. All future release notes list a known issue until resolved, at which point it appears as a fixed issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understand how newly identified and previously known issues might affect your use of {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) version 8.1.0, and how to work around them.

A known issue is listed in all future release notes until resolved, at which point it is published as a fixed issue.
```
